Check for existing modules before attempting to create new ones (#4189)
bufbuild/buf: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix regression in LSP functionality for well-known types.
- Fix browser open for `buf registry login` in WSL2.
- Fix panic in LSP for EOF lookups.
- Allow users to push to pre-existing user-owned modules when the `--create` flag

>   is set for `buf push` on registries that disallow user-owned modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `--create` flag for `buf push` to avoid errors on already existing modules if create is disallowed.
```
